In this section we learn how we can modify text using C Ss first we looked at some properties that allow
us to style text.
We learned that the text transform property is used to modify the capitalization of text.
Then we learned about the text decoration property which enables us to underline over a line and cross
out text.
We can further customize these properties to achieve some cool effects.
The text decoration color property allows us to assign a color to our text decoration for example assigning
a color to an underline over line or cross out the text decoration style property allows us to control
the style of our underline overlying or cross out the text indent.
Property allows us to indent the first line of a paragraph of text CSSA provides us the letter spacing
property to specify the spacing between each letter of our text.
A positive value will add space between our text and a negative value will remove space between our
text.
After that we learn some basic facts that we can add the text elements using CSSA the text Chatto property
allows us to add a shadow behind our text.
We can modify the x and y position to affect the placing of our shadow behind R-Tex.
Additionally we can change the text Chatto color as well.
A blur can be specified to blur or shadow a specified amount.
We can stack text shadows to make our text look 3D.
Then we looked at the concept of font families groups of font that are used in case of browser doesn't
support one or more font font families give the browser alternative font options to fall back on.
We can assign a font family to our text using the font family property each font that we specify is
separated from each other by commas.
There are two types of font families of font family refers to specific type fonts such as Times New
Roman a generic font family refers to a group of font families that look similar.
CSSA gives us the font style property that allows us to stylize our text.
We can assign this property a value of italic to a Tallas size R-TX the font size property allows us
to control the font size of text using the font weight property we can control how thin or thick our
text appears in the browser.
We then looked at several other useful text properties the word spacing property allows us to control
the space between words in our text element the line height property allows us to control the spacing
between lines in our text element the whitespace property gives us further control over whitespace in
our text element and can condense multiple consecutive spaces into one space.
Tell our text not to wrap and force or text whitespace to display exactly as we specified in our element
the word wrap property allows us to break a long word that would look awkward in a web browser on two
separate lines for a more consistent display in the next section.
We will learn about colors and see SS.